Add perlpod for job_settings/jobs (#6627)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/UsersGuide.asciidoc

  `openSUSE Leap 15 ARM`. This applies to parameters for filtering job settings
  as well.

> === Finding tests by quering particular job settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Finding tests by querying particular job settings
```

In case you are looking for a way to get a list of all the tests based on their

> settings, here one way to achieve with the power of the `openqa-cli api`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
settings, here is one way to achieve this with `openqa-cli api`:
```

[source,sh]
----
openqa-cli api job_settings/jobs key="*_TEST_ISSUES" list_value=39911
----

> It is possible to use a literal string or a glob for C<key> as is shown in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use a literal string or a glob for C<key> as shown in the
```

> examples. We cannot use glob for the C<list_value>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
examples. We cannot use a glob in the C<list_value>.
```

I would also avoid using phrasings like "We …" in documentation.

```suggestion
examples. C<list_value> does not support globbing, though.
```

> OpenQA configuration sets C<job_settings_max_recent_jobs> value which limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openQA configuration sets C<job_settings_max_recent_jobs> value which limits
```

> openQA configuration sets C<job_settings_max_recent_jobs> value which limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openQA configuration sets C<job_settings_max_recent_jobs> which limits
```
(If you wanted to keep "value" you needed a "the" before the variable name.)

  `openSUSE Leap 15 ARM`. This applies to parameters for filtering job settings
  as well.

=== Finding tests by quering particular job settings

In case you are looking for a way to get a list of all the tests based on their
settings, here two ways to achieve it.

[source,sh]
----

> curl -s "https://openqa.suse.de/api/v1/job_settings/jobs?key=*_TEST_ISSUES&list_value=39911"

Reviewer 2: You are using a lot of `--osd` / openqa.suse.de in the examples you added.
We should prefer to use public urls.
Also I don't see why we should add both the curl and the openqa-cli usage here.
If we do that for every API call, the docs will get noisy.
Just describe the `openqa-cli` call. And leave off the `--osd` switch.

----

or with the power of the `openqa-cli api`

[source,sh]
----
openqa-cli api --osd job_settings/jobs key="*_TEST_ISSUES" list_value=39911
----

> It is possible to use a literal string or a glob for C<key> as is shown in the

Reviewer 2: This is a bit of duplication to the pod section in the code.
This will improve when we switch to OpenAPI at some point.

Author: I didnt change this one. I think this is fine and part of the documentation. or it should be
